GuildGreet - A World of Warcraft guild tool
Manual for v0.52
----------------------------------------------------------------

CONFIGURATION
-------------
Are you someone who's scared of complex configurations ? Good news for you: GuildGreet
will already work fine without changing anything at all. But you're likely want to change
*something* about its behaviour and this manual will help you do it.

To start the configuration screen, enter /gg (or /guildgreet) at the prompt. You'll see
a configuration GUI with three tabs: 'General', 'Greetings' and 'Players'.

On the 'General' tab, you'll find all the various "minor" settings. Let's go over the list
of them all as those are the ones you most likely want to tune yourself:
- at the top, the relog slider allows you to define the amount of time that needs to have
  passed before you want to be warned about a player login back in. The default value is
  15 minutes. You can set it all the way down to zero if you wish, but then you'll get a
  warning every time someone relogs. Let's say you have a guildmate struggling with an addon
  (not this one of course ;)) and logging in and out all the time: it's not likely you'll
  want to greet this player every time. The maximum for this slider is 120 minutes (2 hours).
  If you don't want to be warned about playing logging in after the first time, then you'll
  have to remove all the relog greeting messages. See further for details about that.
- next is the option to greet alts with the same name as their main. It's important to know
  that if you define an alias for an alt, this alias will still be prefered over the name of
  the main. If no alias for the alt is present and this option is set, the user will be greeted
  by either the alias of the main (if it exists) or the name of the main.
- at the bottom of the tab, you find the options for the onscreen queue list. You can set the
  maximum number of players you want to be shown onscreen (1-15) and you can decide if that list
  should grow downwards (default) or to the top of your screen. Starting point in both cases
  is the list header. With the last remaining option in this section, you can force this header
  to be visible at all times. By default it disappears if no users are on the list. As you
  know from the readme file, the list can be shown anywhere on the screen you like best by 
  dragging the list header to the desired place.

The second tab, 'Greetings', is full of advanced stuff. Let's start with the basic things.
The bottom half shows you a greeting list with five category buttons above it and an
editbox below it. Each of the five buttons represents a kind of greeting supported by
GuildGreet. The editbox allows you to add, edit and delete the greetings in those lists.
Things you should know about these lists:
  - when greeting someone, GuildGreet will use a random line from the appropriate list
  - if the list only has 1 line, that line will be used always
  - if there are no lines on the list, you'll not be warned if the corresponding event happens.
    Example: if you remove all lines from the 'leveling' category, players leveling will no
    longer appear in your list.
  - the lines in the list support variables represented by %s. You're not obligated to use 
    those: they are only there to help you make a nice greeting line.
  - when you first install GuildGreet, some predefined lines will be added for all categories.
    Those lines will never be added again: if you remove them, the list will stay empty until
    you add some new ones.
So far, we have assumed you have a single character and you want GuildGreet configured to say hi
to your guildies. But you very likely have more then one character and you might not want to use
the same greetings for all of them. That's where the advanced part on top of the tab comes to play.
Here you can create what I call collections. By default, there are none defined. If you define one,
the name will appear in the list. If you click on that name, you'll see that the bottom part of
the tab changed and you now have no greetings in any of your five categories. You can define a new
set of greetings the same way you defined the default list before. Of course, creating alone is not
very usefull: we also want to use it. To use it, you can assign it you your character, your guild or
your realm. Let's see how the addon choses what list to use to give you an idea how to configure.
  - step 1: is there a collection defined for this character ? If yes, use it. If no, continue
  - step 2: is there a collection defined for the guild of this character ? If yes, use it. If no, continue
  - step 3: is there a collection defined for the realm of this character ? If yes, use it. If no, continue
  - step 4: use the global defaults collection
Suggested uses:
  - case 1: you're playing on a multilangual server. Some of your characters have a guild using one language,
            others have a guild with another one. You can use the global defaults for one and create a
            collection for the other. You can assign it to that guild when logged in with a character from
            it and automatically all your other characters in that guild will use the collection too.
  - case 2: you're playing on multiple servers and some are RP servers where people expect different greetings.
            Define a collection for RP and assign it to your RP realms. Again, as soon as one player of that
            realm defined it, all others will use the collection too.
  - case 3: let's continue with the RP servers. One of your characters has a special status (eg: he's a real
            bad guy or is supposed to be constantly drunk or something like that). Then you might want to use
            other greetings, specifically for that one character. Create a collection and assign it to this
            player. Of course, you can also use this collection for another player too.
This trick follows from the logic above, but I'll mention it separately: you can use collections also to create
exceptions. If you assign a collection to a realm for example, you get still use the global defaults for a
guild or character on that realm by also defining the global defaults to be their guild/char collection.
Another trick: if you create an empty collection, you can assign it to a realm, guild or character to disable
all greetings.

The third tab 'Players' helps you treat characters in your guild differently. These are the options:
 - alias: when greeting a player, the first %s usually replaced by the name of the character. You might want
   to use a different name for the greeting and that can be done by setting an alias for the player. The name
   in the list on your screen will stay the same, but the greeting will be using the alias instead. When an
   alias is set, there will be a * behind the name of the player in the list on this tab.
 - ignore: some players you might not want to greet. Instead of always having to rightclick the name in the
   list, you can mark those players as 'IGNORE'. They'll not appear in any lists and - unless you mark the
   'show ignored players' option - won't be even visible in the players list on the tab. Note: when ignoring
   a main or alt (see further) all linked characters will be ignored too.
 - main/alt: in many guilds there are players with more then one character. It's likely you don't want to send
   a greeting if such player changes characters. To get this effect, you first need to define one of those
   characters to be a main. When you've done that, you can mark the others to be an alt. If more then one
   main is already defined, you'll have to select the main belonging to the alt you're defining. There is no
   real difference in treatment between the main and the linked alts. The only place where it matters is for
   the tooltip information: for all alts, the name of the main will be included in the tooltip text. Players
   switching from one character to another when they are linked this way will be considered relogging and
   the greeting for them will be selected accordingly.
There are three options on the tab only affecting the way the list of characters is displayed:
 - 'show ignored players' will add those players to the list. They will be displayed in red and clearly marked.
 - 'always show alts' will add all alts to the list. By default, only the alts linked to the currently selected
   character are displayed (if any).
 - 'keep with main' will add the alts below their main in the list instead of their alphabetical position.

I like to request your attention to the tooltip information that's available when you have the mouse over the
queued players list: this tooltip often has detailed information helping you decide to greet or not to greet.